it's better all and to all I you
find for my second video so my
video and how to make a fake portal
of ugliness of the poor portal info
loser it's very simple you have to take
from the agglo houston and the stone ah
yes and also a bucket of water like that you
have juice what I had the camera in
the it will move a little bit for the
video so I repeat it we are business
so to make a fake portal of them
hours well, you have to do four cubes
finally like the pentu of a 4q smell
like that and width and 50 fall of
height of 3.4 on the 103 4 5 expected here
like that you see better and holy
that's like that then I did that and
down or leave a space always do not
do not know if you do it like that your head
tech like that
up to accept the engine jude or
closed like that and a german
I find it is good as you put
water maybe like that
and hop
ok to colors as if yes but do
day that you have the portal of them
hours but in fact you do not have it
just as you can see tech
yes it does not work I want you are for
pay the hours so here I hope that
this video will please you and I tell you
by hot everyone